README.md, before:

# SciAI


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

This file will become your README and also the index of your
documentation.

## Developer Guide

If you are new to using `nbdev` here are some useful pointers to get you
started.

### Install SciAI in Development mode

``` sh
# make sure SciAI package is installed in development mode
$ pip install -e .

# make changes under nbs/ directory
# ...

# compile to have changes apply to SciAI
$ nbdev_prepare
```

## Usage

### Installation

Install latest from the GitHub
[repository](https://github.com/Positron00/SciAI):

``` sh
$ pip install git+https://github.com/Positron00/SciAI.git
```

or from [conda](https://anaconda.org/Positron00/SciAI)

``` sh
$ conda install -c Positron00 SciAI
```

or from [pypi](https://pypi.org/project/SciAI/)

``` sh
$ pip install SciAI
```

### Documentation

Documentation can be found hosted on this GitHub
[repository](https://github.com/Positron00/SciAI)’s
[pages](https://Positron00.github.io/SciAI/). Additionally you can find
package manager specific guidelines on
[conda](https://anaconda.org/Positron00/SciAI) and
[pypi](https://pypi.org/project/SciAI/) respectively.

## How to use

Fill me in please! Don’t forget code examples:

``` python
1+1
```

    2

Commit message:

Added a simple Chatbot interface using Gradio

README.md, after:

# SciAI


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

This file will become your README and also the index of your
documentation.

## Developer Guide

If you are new to using `nbdev` here are some useful pointers to get you
started.

### Install SciAI in Development mode

``` sh
# make sure SciAI package is installed in development mode
$ pip install -e .

# make changes under nbs/ directory
# ...

# compile to have changes apply to SciAI
$ nbdev_prepare
```

## Usage

### Installation

Install latest from the GitHub
[repository](https://github.com/Positron00/SciAI):

``` sh
$ pip install git+https://github.com/Positron00/SciAI.git
```

or from [conda](https://anaconda.org/Positron00/SciAI)

``` sh
$ conda install -c Positron00 SciAI
```

or from [pypi](https://pypi.org/project/SciAI/)

``` sh
$ pip install SciAI
```

### Documentation

Documentation can be found hosted on this GitHub
[repository](https://github.com/Positron00/SciAI)’s
[pages](https://Positron00.github.io/SciAI/). Additionally you can find
package manager specific guidelines on
[conda](https://anaconda.org/Positron00/SciAI) and
[pypi](https://pypi.org/project/SciAI/) respectively.

## How to use

Fill me in please! Don’t forget code examples:

``` python
import SciAI.core as core
core
```

    Using cache from '/Volumes/SSD2TB/Google Drive/Work/MachineLearning/SciAI/nbs/gradio_cached_examples/15' directory. If method or examples have changed since last caching, delete this folder to clear cache.

    Running on local URL:  http://127.0.0.1:7914

    Could not create share link. Please check your internet connection or our status page: https://status.gradio.app.

<div><iframe src="http://127.0.0.1:7914/" width="100%" height="500" allow="autoplay; camera; microphone; clipboard-read; clipboard-write;" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

    <module 'SciAI.core' from '/Volumes/SSD2TB/Google Drive/Work/MachineLearning/SciAI/SciAI/core.py'>
